README.md, before:

# Midterm

## Problem 1
Start by solving the vanilla problem and then add the complexity (50%, etc) as you go

### For just 50%:
I ran 10000 experiments and got 31% stopping point and 27% stopping point
I ran 100000 experiments and got 34% stopping point

 How does this compare with the simple early-stopping problem?
 - The curve flattens out more

### For 20% and increasing
I ran 10000 experiments and got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 30.0%
- Optimal Answer: 859

I did it again and got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 30.0%
- Optimal Answer: 227

When I ran 100000 experiments I got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 35.0%
- Optimal Answer: 592.757226505516

Optimal Search Threshold: 34.0%
Optimal Answer: 968.1729270627526

Optimal Search Threshold: 35.0%
Optimal Answer: 560.6912085494506



## Problem 2
The one that has the highest average is the one you should converge too

How many days will it take for you to make the decision to place the permanent sensor?
Also, state the area that you select as the optimum.



## Problem 3
Don't forget the price of the option is the current stock price - the time to exercise (or the strike)



## General Tips
Dr. Mario said that if you cannot figure something out, experiment yourself and add a different complexity. Solve it,
and explain it in either the readme or the code comments

Commit message:

Worked on problem 2 and I have the concept of it all implemented but I doubt it has no flaws. I also added two files that will be helpful for problem 3. Oh and I wrote my opinions on how Dr Mario can improve this class for problem 4.

README.md, after:

# Midterm

## Problem 1

### For just 50% chance of accepting the job:
I ran 10000 experiments and got 31% stopping point and 27% stopping point
I ran 100000 experiments and got 34% stopping point

 How does this compare with the simple early-stopping problem?
 - The curve flattens out more

### For 20% and increasing chance of not accepting the job
I ran 10000 experiments and got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 30.0%
- Optimal Answer: 859

I did it again and got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 30.0%
- Optimal Answer: 227

When I ran 100000 experiments I got the following:
- Optimal Search Threshold: 35.0%
- Optimal Answer: 592.757226505516

Optimal Search Threshold: 34.0%
Optimal Answer: 968.1729270627526

Optimal Search Threshold: 35.0%
Optimal Answer: 560.6912085494506



## Problem 2

### Without Baseline Sensor
How many days will it take for you to make the decision to place the permanent sensor?


Also, state the area that you select as the optimum.
- Area1 was the selected optimum area.

### With Baseline Sensor
Does this change the final decision of placement?
- No it does not.

How long does it take before you choose to place the sensor?



## Problem 3
Don't forget the price of the option is the current stock price - the time to exercise (or the strike)



## Problem 4
As this is the first time I have taught this topic, I could really use help in
understanding how to improve the course. What is making sense, and what doesn’t?
How can I do this better? 

I think this course has a lot of potential. Where it is lacking, in my opinion, is in the early stages 
of learning a new topic. I never felt confident, and honestly still don't, with the monte carlo or epsilon
greedy algorithms. Maybe I am slow to pick up on this, but I felt like we went over it and coded it up once
(which by the way was helpful) and then just assumed it was understood after that. If you payed me to go and 
code up a simple implementation of these algorithms without existing code or google I wouldn't be able to do
it. 

On a different note, a document containing all the various financial terms mentioned would be extremely helpful.
I realize that we can google terms and while that is true I find it very helpful to get the specific teacher's 
definition of a term since they are the ones using it frequently. I would LOVE to understand all of the financial
topics we have talked about better, and I wish I had heard of them before this class, but the reality is that I 
had never heard of most of them. In short, a document that we could refer to for help with would be greatly
appreciated.
